Intelligent products are soon
everywhere around us, –
in our clothes, on our skin
and in packaging.
VTT’s printed and hybrid
electronics manufacturing –
enables the integration of
electronics into surfaces –
such as plastics and bio-based
or biodegradable materials, –
creating intelligent products that
have never been seen before.
We provide solutions for
electronics that are flexible, –
lightweight,
and stretchable.
We have unique in-house competence
from material formulation –
and process development of
pilot-scale roll-to-roll production –
to multi-technological knowledge
of applications and systems.
VTT’s world-class pilot factory
for printing, component assembly –
and post processing enables
upscaling the production process –
and provides proof
of manufacturing.
Our roll-to-roll production process
offers high throughput, –
cost-efficiency
and upscalability.
Our post processing
services include overmolding, –
lamination, laser cutting
and testing.
With over 20 years of experience
and over 100 experts, –
we can help our
customers –
in converting everyday
items into smart products.